I still believe in us I'm not giving up
on this Matt Matt is the school jock
he's probably one of the most popular
guys in school but not like popular and
since you know like a teen movie where
there's the popular guy who's you know a
jerk and everything like that he's like
the kind of warm sensitive jock I guess
I feel weird calling her she broke up
with me even more time
more time
Elena you know is his first love first
best friend first everything so it's
definitely a really strong bond there
that's going to stay I mean that's his
girl you know we have that first love
some guys will move on but Matt Matt's
not that kind of guy he's he's content
to just kind of be in the shadows and
watch over and you know he's not he's
not going to lose sight of that
nothing's wrong though which means i'm
not talking boy problems to you good I
mean it's not like we're ever best
friends or anything I don't think Matt
really knows specs anything I think it's
just kind of a general thing about you
lost Elena I think had some hopes that
when school when school came back around
they would you know find themselves
again but here this new guy shows up and
he's you know captain cool he dresses
cool is real slick and I think just in
general that's kind of like who do you
think you are
thing is Vicki's been kind of known for
like her partying and her rough ways and
so I think Matt does maybe have some
suspicions about that too but I think he
kind of overlooks it too just like
gothic they're so messed up it wasn't
hurt my god it's my job it's my god
there's nothing oh my god was it hurt no
just leave me alone I'm take don't be
like that I'm addicted to the outdoors
anything outside in general i like to
read books I like doing it outside I
would rather do anything outside and I
mean I mean anything I like to camp like
the hike like water sports it was a
great place to hike right down the road
from me labor day weekend I went up to
route Blue Ridge Mountains I'm going to
go up to the dragon tail in North
Carolina it's 113 curves and 11 miles so
I should be interesting